    1. What is Semantic HTML? Semantic html is formatting that gives meaning to the code written. <p> <h1> <header> <footer> etc
    2. What is HTML used for? HTML is used to mark up codechains. Essentially it organizes the data.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? An attribute specifies further what a section of code it. We place it within the semantic HTML tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? The h1 is the largest heading. We should typically use this once for the page title.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes IMG and A. (Pictures and Links)
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? Our h1 header
    7. What is an id? An id indicates a unique section of code.
    8. What elements can I add an id to?  All of them.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 0. There can only be 1 (Highlander) 
    10. What is a class? A class is an attribute that can be applied to multiple sections.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? All of them.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? Unlimited. 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? It specifies alternate text to be used for an image. Assists in SEO.
    15. How do I reference an id? #id
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div A section indicates a group is related. A div doesn't have any meaning beyond any given to it by an attribute.
    17. What is CSS used for? CSS is used to add style to the HTML code written.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page .class, #id, or *
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one A class can be used multiple times to duplicate styles in certain places. An id is individual and can only be used one. 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .class {}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? .human {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? The parent child selector addresses all elements nested under the parent element.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? .sidebar{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector? A pseudo selector selects all elements in a certain state. IE, same element but we're hovering over it.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform:Capitalize text-transform:lowercase text-transform:CAPITALS
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? div{ border: 1px dotted black; }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? * selector
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* Write it here */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? PWD
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? LS
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? RMV
    34. Why should I use version control? Its stops us pushing conflicting work.
    35. How often should I commit to github? At least once an hour.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. Fork, Contributers, Clone, Branch, Switch Branches, Add, Commit, Push, Pull Request

https://codepen.io/rfreemanva/pen/JjdGQry?editors=1100

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 